README.md, before:

# Project Title

Horiseon SEO Webpage

# Project Description

I was given the starter code for a SEO and marketing website, and I needed to change the div tags to the appropriate semantic elements. Alt attributes were also added to the images and icons, along with a descriptive and fitting title being added to the head. Since I changed the HTML elements and tags, I also had to re-adjust some CSS code so that the website was still styled appropriately.

A challenge faced was the first link in the nav bar not working. To fix this bug, I added an ID to the respective section. Since all the sections now had ID's, I could delete their class values to make the code less conjested, and use # in the CSS for the styling to still apply.

# Deployment

Website has been deployed via GitHub pages. Accessible via: https://thomasszentirmay.github.io/horiseon-seo-website/

![pic 1](https://github.com/ThomasSzentirmay/horiseon-seo-website/assets/132217664/37caaeed-8ab9-432e-924b-ed4f27dfa7bc)
![pic 2](https://github.com/ThomasSzentirmay/horiseon-seo-website/assets/132217664/12ea70ad-5844-4ecf-9feb-3e6cbf8fe200)
![pic 3](https://github.com/ThomasSzentirmay/horiseon-seo-website/assets/132217664/0cb17453-a98c-41f2-94ec-4135b540a87c)

# Usage

N/A

# Credits

Starter code pulled from BCS GitLab with shared permission

Code edited by Repoistory owner, Thomas Szentirmay

# License

MIT License

Refer to 'License' in Repo for further information on the limitations and usability of this wesbite under the MIT license applied to the project.

# Badges

N/A

# Features

Functions like a regular webpage, with 3 nav links at he top of the page to jump to the relevant section.

# How to Contribute

N/A

# Tests

N/A

Commit message:

since more changes have been made to CSS, had to change the project description in README file for it to make sense once more

README.md, after:

# Project Title

Horiseon SEO Webpage

# Project Description

I was given the starter code for a SEO and marketing website, and I needed to change the div tags to the appropriate semantic elements. Alt attributes were also added to the images and icons, along with a descriptive and fitting title being added to the head. Since I changed the HTML elements and tags, I also had to re-adjust some CSS code so that the website was still styled appropriately. Comments have been added in the CSS where this has occured.

A challenge faced was the first link in the nav bar not working. To fix this bug, I added an ID to the respective section. 

# Deployment

Website has been deployed via GitHub pages. Accessible via: https://thomasszentirmay.github.io/horiseon-seo-website/

![pic 1](https://github.com/ThomasSzentirmay/horiseon-seo-website/assets/132217664/37caaeed-8ab9-432e-924b-ed4f27dfa7bc)
![pic 2](https://github.com/ThomasSzentirmay/horiseon-seo-website/assets/132217664/12ea70ad-5844-4ecf-9feb-3e6cbf8fe200)
![pic 3](https://github.com/ThomasSzentirmay/horiseon-seo-website/assets/132217664/0cb17453-a98c-41f2-94ec-4135b540a87c)

# Usage

N/A

# Credits

Starter code pulled from BCS GitLab with shared permission

Code edited by Repoistory owner, Thomas Szentirmay

# License

MIT License

Refer to 'License' in Repo for further information on the limitations and usability of this wesbite under the MIT license applied to the project.

# Badges

N/A

# Features

Functions like a regular webpage, with 3 nav links at the top of the page to jump to the relevant section.

# How to Contribute

N/A

# Tests

N/A
